README.md, before:

# eclipse-tycho

How to add tycho to an existing eclipse plugin feature...

## Adding Tycho

Below I describe in _Setting up your own project_ the prerequisites of these directions. 
I start with a basic Eclipse feature project and a basic Eclipse plug-in project.

_to be continued..._  

## Setting up your own project

I used Eclipse Oxygen 2 to create the project:

##### Create a Plug-in

The following wizard creates a simple plug-in...

![New Plugin-in Project page 1](resources/new-plugin-1.png "New Plug-in Project page 1") 
![New Plugin-in Project page 2](resources/new-plugin-2.png "New Plug-in Project page 2") 
![New Plugin-in Project page 3](resources/new-plugin-3.png "New Plug-in Project page 3") 
![New Plugin-in Project page 4](resources/new-plugin-4.png "New Plug-in Project page 4") 

##### Create a Feature

Include the plug-in in the feature... 

![New Feature page 1](resources/new-feature-1.png "New Feature page 1") 
![New Feature page 2](resources/new-feature-2.png "New Feature page 2") 

##### Export as p2 repository

Basically Eclipse provides everything to create a p2 repository

![Export Deployable feature page 1](resources/export-deployable-features-1.png "Export Deployable feature page 1") 
![Export Deployable feature page 2](resources/export-deployable-features-2.png "Export Deployable feature page 2") 

This yields a folder structure like:

![Export Deployable feature page 3](resources/export-deployable-features-3.png "Export Deployable feature page 3") 

##### Share into a GIT repository

Now you can share the plug-ins into an existing GIT repository with the standard **EGit** share command. 
So far so good.

Now I prepare the next step to add the Maven POMs: I transform the root of the GIT repository to an
Eclipse project. To make it importable I add a `.project` file with the following content. This creates
a Maven parent project, adding the Maven2 builder and nature. We do not need it yet but this gives a nice 
starting point for adding the Maven Tycho build in the next step.

	<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
	<projectDescription>
		<name>org.example.eclipse.tycho.parent</name>
		<comment></comment>
		<projects>
		</projects>
		<buildSpec>
			<buildCommand>
				<name>org.eclipse.m2e.core.maven2Builder</name>
				<arguments>
				</arguments>
			</buildCommand>
		</buildSpec>
		<natures>
			<nature>org.eclipse.m2e.core.maven2Nature</nature>
		</natures>
	</projectDescription>

Commit message:

Added Maven Build to the Plugins
* Created parent POM
* Created repository and target Maven modules
* Converted feature and plug-in to Maven modules
* Added Maven launch configurations

README.md, after:

# eclipse-tycho

How to add tycho to an existing eclipse plugin feature...

## Adding Tycho

Below I describe in _Setting up your own project_ the prerequisites of these directions. 
I start with a basic Eclipse feature project and a basic Eclipse plug-in project.

##### Create Parent POM 

_coming soon..._

##### Add a Target Definition as a Maven Module

_coming soon..._

##### Add a Category Manifest as a Maven Module

_coming soon..._

##### Add POMs for the existing Feature and UI Plug-Ins

_coming soon..._

##### Launch Configurations

## Setting up your own project

I used Eclipse Oxygen 2 to create the project:

##### Create a Plug-in

The following wizard creates a simple plug-in...

![New Plugin-in Project page 1](resources/new-plugin-1.png "New Plug-in Project page 1") 
![New Plugin-in Project page 2](resources/new-plugin-2.png "New Plug-in Project page 2") 
![New Plugin-in Project page 3](resources/new-plugin-3.png "New Plug-in Project page 3") 
![New Plugin-in Project page 4](resources/new-plugin-4.png "New Plug-in Project page 4") 

##### Create a Feature

Include the plug-in in the feature... 

![New Feature page 1](resources/new-feature-1.png "New Feature page 1") 
![New Feature page 2](resources/new-feature-2.png "New Feature page 2") 

##### Export as p2 repository

Basically Eclipse provides everything to create a p2 repository

![Export Deployable feature page 1](resources/export-deployable-features-1.png "Export Deployable feature page 1") 
![Export Deployable feature page 2](resources/export-deployable-features-2.png "Export Deployable feature page 2") 

This yields a folder structure like:

![Export Deployable feature page 3](resources/export-deployable-features-3.png "Export Deployable feature page 3") 

##### Share into a GIT repository

Now you can share the plug-ins into an existing GIT repository with the standard **EGit** share command. 
So far so good.

Now I prepare the next step to add the Maven POMs: I transform the root of the GIT repository to an
Eclipse project. To make it importable I add a `.project` file with the following content. This creates
a Maven parent project, adding the Maven2 builder and nature. We do not need it yet but this gives a nice 
starting point for adding the Maven Tycho build in the next step.

	<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
	<projectDescription>
		<name>org.example.eclipse.tycho.parent</name>
		<comment></comment>
		<projects>
		</projects>
		<buildSpec>
			<buildCommand>
				<name>org.eclipse.m2e.core.maven2Builder</name>
				<arguments>
				</arguments>
			</buildCommand>
		</buildSpec>
		<natures>
			<nature>org.eclipse.m2e.core.maven2Nature</nature>
		</natures>
	</projectDescription>
